SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY:

This software and associated media, printed materials, and "online" or electronic
documentation files (the "Software"), is the proprietary information of ValidMind Inc. and
its licensors, and is protected under copyright and other intellectual property laws.

No part of this Software may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded,
displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to,
electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written
permission of ValidMind Inc. or the respective copyright owner.

By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Software, you agree to be bound by the terms
of this Agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not install or use
the Software.

LICENSE GRANT. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor grants you a
personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Software solely for the
duration of the 4-week testing phase (“Testing”) of the Software - starting on May 15th,
2023. You may install and use the Software on a single computer or device.

OWNERSHIP. The Software is owned by Licensor and is protected by copyright laws and
international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties.
Licensor retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Software, including all
intellectual property rights.

RESTRICTIONS. You may not modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile,
disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software including
(without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Software. You
may not distribute, sublicense, rent, lease, or lend the Software to any third party.

SUPPORT. Licensor may, at its discretion, provide technical support for the Software.
Technical support is provided on a best-effort basis and is subject to Licensor's support
policies.

TERMINATION. This Agreement will terminate automatically after the Testing period, or if you
fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Upon termination, you
must immediately cease all use of the Software and destroy all copies of the Software in
your possession.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE
SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED
OR ERROR-FREE.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR'S LIABILITY EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE
SOFTWARE.

GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the United States of America, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Licensor
with respect to the Software and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and
proposals, whether oral or written, between you and Licensor.

By installing or using the Software, you acknowledge that you have read this Agreement,
understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.

Copyright © 2023 ValidMind Inc. All rights reserved.
